*: adjust dm docs structure and refine some expressions (#653)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/task-configuration-guide.md

mysql-instances:
  - source-id: "mysql-replica-01"  # Migrate data from the data source whose `source-id` is `mysql-replica-01`.
  - source-id: "mysql-replica-02"  # Migrate data from the data source whose `source-id` is `mysql-replica-02`.
```

## Configure the downstream TiDB cluster

The following example of `target-database` shows how to configure the target TiDB cluster to be migrated to for the data migration task:

```yaml
---

## ********* Basic configuration *********
name: test             # The name of the task. Should be globally unique.

## ******** Data source configuration **********
mysql-instances:
  - source-id: "mysql-replica-01"  # Migrate data from the data source whose `source-id` is `mysql-replica-01`.
  - source-id: "mysql-replica-02"  # Migrate data from the data source whose `source-id` is `mysql-replica-02`.

## ******** Downstream TiDB database configuration **********
target-database:       # Configuration of target TiDB database.
  host: "127.0.0.1"
  port: 4000
  user: "root"
  password: ""         # If the password is not null, it is recommended to use a password encrypted with dmctl.
```

## Configure tables to be migrated

> **Note:**
>

> > If you do not need to filter specific tables or you only need to migrate specific tables, skip this configuration.

Reviewer: 主句的中文原文是 “如果不需要过滤特定表，或者只迁移特定表，可以跳过该项配置。”。

感觉 block-allow-list: 这项配置就是用来过滤迁移特定表的，所以感觉中文这里写的 “只迁移特定表，可以跳过该项配置” 好像有歧义，可以请研发确认下吗？

Author: 是不是只迁移某些几张表，且这几张表的表名不能用通配符来匹配？

@lance6716 麻烦帮确认下～

Reviewer 2: 我感觉中文表达有歧义，应该是

如果不需要（过滤特定表或迁移特定表）

😂

1. Configure a global binlog event filter rule set in the task configuration file.

    ```yaml
    filters:                                        # The filter rule set of data source binlog events. You can set multiple rules at the same time.
      filter-rule-1:                                # The name of the filtering rule.
        schema-pattern: "test_*"                    # The pattern of the data source schema name. Wildcard characters (*?) are supported.
        table-pattern: "t_*"                        # The pattern of the data source table name. Wildcard characters (*?) are supported.
        events: ["truncate table", "drop table"]    # The event types to be filtered out in schemas or tables that match the `schema-pattern` or the `table-pattern`.
        action: Ignore                              # Whether to migrate (Do) or ignore (Ignore) the binlog that matches the filtering rule.
      filter-rule-2:
        schema-pattern: "test"
        events: ["all dml"]
        action: Do
    ```

    For detailed configuration rules, see [Binlog event filter](key-features.md#binlog-event-filter).

> 2. Reference the binlog event filtering rules in the data source configuration to filter out specified binlog events of specified tables or schemas in the data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Reference the binlog event filtering rules in the data source configuration to filter specified binlog events of specified tables or schemas in the data source.
```

          block-allow-list:  "bw-rule-1"   # The name of the block allow list rule. If the DM version is earlier than v2.0.0-beta.2, use `black-white-list` instead.
          filter-rules: ["filter-rule-1"]  # The name of the rule that filters specific binlog events of the data source. You can configure multiple rules here.
        - source-id: "mysql-replica-02"    # Migrate data from the data source whose `source-id` is `mysql-replica-01`.
          block-allow-list:  "bw-rule-2"   # The name of the block allow list rule. If the DM version is earlier than v2.0.0-beta.2, use `black-white-list` instead.
          filter-rules: ["filter-rule-2"]  # The name of the rule that filters specific binlog events of the data source. You can configure multiple rules here.
    ```

## Configure the mapping of data source tables to downstream TiDB tables

> **Note:**
>
> - If you do not need to migrate a certain table of the data source to the table with a different name in the downstream TiDB instance, skip this configuration.
>
> - If it is a shard merge task, you **must** set mapping rules in the task configuration file.

> To configure the routing mapping rules for migrating data source tables to specified downstream TiDB tables, see the following two steps:

Author: ```suggestion
To configure the routing mapping rules for migrating data source tables to specified downstream TiDB tables, perform the following steps:
```

>
> Migrating sharding DDL statements is likely to cause many issues. Make sure you understand the principles and restriction of DM migrating DDL statements before using this feature, and you **must** use this feature with caution.

The following example shows how to configure the task as a shard merge task:

```yaml
---

## ********* Basic information *********
name: test                      # The name of the task. Should be globally unique.
shard-mode: "pessimistic"       # This needs to be configured if it is a shard merge task. The "pessimistic" mode is used by default. After understanding the principles and restrictions of the "optimistic" mode, you can set to the "optimistic" mode.
```

## Other configurations

The following is an overall task configuration example of this document. The complete task configuration template can be found in [DM task configuration file full introduction](task-configuration-file-full.md). For the usage and configuration of other configuration items, refer to [Features of Data Migration](key-features.md).

```yaml
---

## ********* Basic configuration *********
name: test                      # The name of the task. Should be globally unique.

> shard-mode: "pessimistic"       # This needs to be configured if it is a shard merge task. The "pessimistic" mode is used by default. After understanding the principles and restrictions of the "optimistic" mode, you can set to the "optimistic" mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
shard-mode: "pessimistic"       # The shard-mode must be configured for a shard merge task. By default, use the "pessimistic" mode. After getting a deep understanding of the principles and restrictions of the "optimistic" mode, you can set it to the "optimistic" mode.
```

> task-mode: all                  # The task mode. Can be set to `full`(only migrates full data)/`incremental`(replicates binlog synchronously)/`all` (replicates both full and incremental binlog).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
task-mode: all                  # The task mode. Can be set to `full`(only migrates full data)/`incremental`(replicates binlog synchronously)/`all` (replicates both full and incremental binlogs).
```

## ******** Data source configuration **********
mysql-instances:
  - source-id: "mysql-replica-01"                   # Migrate data from the data source whose `source-id` is `mysql-replica-01`.

>     block-allow-list:  "bw-rule-1"                  # The name of the block allow list rule. If the DM version is earlier than v2.0.0-beta.2, use `black-white-list` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    block-allow-list:  "bw-rule-1"                  # The name of the block and allow list rule. If the DM version is earlier than v2.0.0-beta.2, use `black-white-list` instead.
```

    filter-rules: ["filter-rule-1"]                 # The name of the rule that filters out specific binlog events of the data source. You can configure multiple rules here.
    route-rules: ["route-rule-1", "route-rule-2"]   # The name of the routing mapping rule. You can configure multiple rules here.
  - source-id: "mysql-replica-02"                   # Migrate data from the data source whose `source-id` is `mysql-replica-02`.

>     block-allow-list:  "bw-rule-2"                  # The name of the block allow list rule. If the DM version is earlier than v2.0.0-beta.2, use `black-white-list` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    block-allow-list:  "bw-rule-2"                  # The name of the block and allow list rule. If the DM version is earlier than v2.0.0-beta.2, use `black-white-list` instead.
```

    filter-rules: ["filter-rule-2"]                 # The name of the rule that filters out specific binlog events of the data source. You can configure multiple rules here.
    route-rules: ["route-rule-2"]                   # The name of the routing mapping rule. You can configure multiple rules here.

## ******** Downstream TiDB instance configuration **********
target-database:       # Configuration of the downstream database instance.
  host: "127.0.0.1"
  port: 4000
  user: "root"
  password: ""         # If the password is not null, it is recommended to use a password encrypted with dmctl.

## ******** Feature configuration set **********

> # The filter rule set of tables to be migrated in the upstream database instance. You can set multiple rules at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The filter rule set of tables to be migrated from the upstream database instance. You can set multiple rules at the same time.
```

block-allow-list:                      # Use black-white-list if the DM version is earlier than v2.0.0-beta.2.

>   bw-rule-1:                           # The name of the block allow list rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  bw-rule-1:                           # The name of the block and allow list rule.
```
